BIG TODO add roster table to database? instead of multiple players in players table where the only difference is the leagues/teams they are in
BIG TODO add lineups table. every game may have a different lineup



TODO put interesting links on frontpage, like rulebooks, maybe?. put "powered by" + logos on frontpage
TODO add a little trophy icon next to name of team in 1st place of standings
TODO require password before database edits? as in: user can be logged in but must enter a password still for edits
TODO add functions like linkToTeam(teamID) that can be called from anywhere (but don't overdo it)
TODO add more info to page titles (i.e. name of site)
TODO on Calendar page, allow options to show all games for a league/season/team/player
TODO on Calendar page, put link on single-date page back to calendar, or even better, show the calendar!
TODO tourney page/table
TODO db info must not be hard-coded in php files. Why? Obviously, there are problems having that in several places. Less obviously, it may be easier to get PHP to *not* do it's normal processing and return the file with that sensitive info to an attacker. That info should be in a file that the web server will refuse to serve (like wordpress)
     * look up PHP session variables. but are those for all of PHP? what about user session variables? (i.e. let the user select a default season/league)
TODO player profiles (and every time the name appears, it should link to the profile)
TODO foreign keys! i.e. player names in the 'team' table should 'point to' some data in a player table. so a team is just a composite of players from the player table
TODO create players table and update team table to use entries in players table as foreign keys
TODO allow different views? i.e. players and managers could have different landing pages after logging in. Or is this only for managers?
TODO need unique IDs for players and leagues and teams, etc.
TODO concurrent db editing?
TODO need to read up on relational tables and figure out how to structure my db with leagues/games/teams/players
TODO have a way to add notes
TODO use javascript for reordering game lineups
TODO need to read up on relational tables and figure out how to structure my db with leagues/games/teams/players
TODO display relevant (or funny quotes) from deGrasse Tyson or Bill Nye or somebody lol
TODO I really must use prepared statements to be prepared against dats
TODO pictures! how to keep track of file locations? in the database? however i do it, i want to use a hash of player id + salt so the images can't be easily pulled from an attacker
TODO write function to format phone numbers
TODO need a secondary key in players table (i.e. driver's license #) because that would more easily ensure players don't accidentally get grouped together on the player profile page
TODO add nickName column to players table
TODO now i need a way to keep track of "state". i.e. when i go to roster page, i need to know which season/league/team. OR i can just use a default and allow a selection box to change
     * can i pass POST data between pages? or do i have to use hidden forms? there are global variables I can watch to keep track of state. meh.
TODO add dayOfWeek column to leagues table
     * and update entries in the table to have a dayOfWeek
TODO UPDATE games table so that team columns are foreign keys:
     * CREATE TABLE games (gameID INT UNSIGNED AUTO_INCREMENT KEY NOT NULL, date DATE, time TIME, homeTeam VARCHAR(64), visitingTeam VARCHAR(64), finalHomeScore INT UNSIGNED, finalVisitingScore INT UNSIGNED, associatedLeague INT UNSIGNED, FOREIGN KEY(associatedLeague) REFERENCES leagues(leagueID), FOREIGN KEY(homeTeam) REFERENCES teams(teamID), FOREIGN KEY(visitingTeam) REFERENCES teams(teamID));
TODO add manager info to teams table (since manager doesn't have to be player)
TODO add license (AGPL) footer to every page. and make it possible to download according to license
TODO mysql_connect("your.hostaddress.com", "username", "password") or die(mysql_error()); 

DONE need to find out how to include php files so i can move the lineup display code into a separate file/function
DONE add dayOfWeek column to leagues table
